[2024Q4] Update Christmas Shop part 3 (#1730)
rolling-scopes-school/tasks: tasks/christmas-shop/christmas-shop-part3.md

   - When clicking on any link (interactive or non-interactive) in the menu, the burger menu hides, and the cross transforms into a burger icon: **+2**
   - When clicking on any link (interactive or non-interactive) in the menu, the burger menu smoothly hides to the right, and the cross smoothly transforms into a burger icon if a user stays on the same page: **+2**
   - The placement and sizes of elements in the burger menu correspond to the layout (horizontal and vertical centering of menu items): **+2**

>    - The page underneath the open menu does not scroll: **+2**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The page behind the open menu does not scroll: **+2**
```

>    - When the page width increases to 769px and larger, the burger icon and the open burger menu hide, and the navigation panel appears: **+2**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - When the page width increases to more than 768px, the burger icon and the open burger menu hide, and the navigation panel appears: **+2**
```

2. Implementation of the **Slider** on the `home` page: **+18**
   - Scrolling the slider in the corresponding direction is implemented by pressing left arrow button and right arrow button: **+2**
   - The left arrow button is inactive at the far left position of the slider: **+2**
   - The right arrow button is inactive at the far right position of the slider: **+2**

>    - Scrolling the slider is accompanied by like the carousel animation (the method of animation execution is not verified): **+4**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Scrolling the slider is accompanied by the carousel-like animation (the method of animation execution is not evaluated): **+4**
```

>    - The slider is fully scrolled with 3 presses of the arrow button in one direction for screen widths of 769px and larger, and with 6 presses of the arrow button in one direction for screen widths of 768px and less: **+4**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The slider is fully scrolled with 3 presses of the arrow button in one direction for screen widths more than 768px, and with 6 presses of the arrow button in one direction for screen widths of 768px and less: **+4**
```

>    - When the screen width changes, the slider returns to its initial position, and full scrolling occurs with the correct number of arrow button clicks (It works without reloading the page): **+4**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - When the screen width changes, the slider returns to its initial position, and the slider can be fully scrolled with the correct number of the relevant arrow button clicks (it works without reloading the page): **+4**
```

3. Implementation of the **Timer** on the `home` page: **+8**
   - The timer shows the correct value of the remaining days, hours, minutes, and seconds until the New Year in `UTC+0`: **+2**
   - Leading zeros are not displayed for single-digit numbers: **+2**
   - The timer updates every second, displaying the current remaining time with the labels `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, `seconds` (the labels must not change): **+4**

> 4. When opening and refreshing the page, 4 random cards are displayed in the block **Best Gifts** on the `home` page: **+4**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When both opening or refreshing the page, 4 random cards are displayed in the block **Best Gifts** on the `home` page: **+4**
```

5. Implementation of the **Category switching** for products on the `gifts` page: **+8**

>    - The **ALL** category is active and all 36 gifts are displayed when opening or reloading the `gifts` page. The order of sorting gifts does not matter: **+2**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The **ALL** category is active and all 36 gifts are displayed when both opening or reloading the `gifts` page. The order of sorting gifts does not matter: **+2**
```

   - When switching categories, the gifts of the selected category are displayed. The order of sorting gifts does not matter: **+4**
   - Only the selected category tab is active: **+2**

> 6. Implementation of the **Button UP** on the `gifts` page: **+12**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Implementation of the **Scroll-to-Top** button on the `gifts` page: **+12**
```
